[SYCL] Add gpu-intel-dg1 feature to LIT infra (#85)
intel/llvm-test-suite: SYCL/README.md

   host);
 * **sycl_be** - SYCL backend to be used (opencl, level_zero, cuda);
 * **dump_ir** - if IR dumping is supported for compiler (True, False);

>  * **gpu-intel-dg1** - points LIT infra that Intel GPU DG1 is present in the
>    system. It is developer responcibility to make sure that corresponding device
>    is present in the system and has the highest priority. Use DEVICE_ALLOW_LIS or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * **gpu-intel-dg1** - tells LIT infra that Intel GPU DG1 is present in the
   system. It is developer / CI infra responsibility to make sure that the device
   is available in the system. Tests requiring DG1 to run must use proper device selector to ensure that. Use SYCL_DEVICE_ALLOWLIST or
```
